Update definition of optimizer in introduction_guide.rst (#10822)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/starter/introduction_guide.rst

    torch.Size([1, 10])

> Now we add the training_step to the previously defined class which has all our training loop logic

Reviewer: I think it is clear from the context where to add it to

.. testcode::

    class LitMNIST(LightningModule):
        ...  # code previously written

        def training_step(self, batch, batch_idx):
            x, y = batch
            logits = self(x)
            loss = F.nll_loss(logits, y)
            return loss

Optimizer
---------

> Next we choose what optimizer to use for training our system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, we choose which optimizer to use for training our system.
```

> In PyTorch we do it as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In PyTorch, we do it as follows:
```

.. code-block:: python

    from torch.optim import Adam

    optimizer = Adam(LitMNIST().parameters(), lr=1e-3)

> In Lightning we do the same but organize it under the :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.LightningModule.configure_optimizers` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Lightning, the same code is re-organized within the :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.LightningModule.configure_optimizers` method.
```

> In Lightning we do the same but organize it under the :func:`~pytorch_lightning.core.LightningModule.configure_optimizers` method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Lightning we do the same but organize it under the :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.configure_optimizers` method.
```

.. testcode::

    class LitMNIST(LightningModule):
        def configure_optimizers(self):
            return Adam(self.parameters(), lr=1e-3)

> .. note:: The LightningModule itself has the parameters, so pass in self.parameters()

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. note:: The ``LightningModule`` itself has the parameters, so pass in ``self.parameters()``.
```

> However, if you have multiple optimizers use the matching parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have multiple optimizers, simply return them all.
```

.. testcode::

    class LitMNIST(LightningModule):
        def configure_optimizers(self):

>             return Adam(self.generator(), lr=1e-3), Adam(self.discriminator(), lr=1e-3)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            return Adam(self.generator.parameters(), lr=1e-3), Adam(self.discriminator.parameters(), lr=1e-3)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: example with a scheduler?

    optimizer = Adam(LitMNIST().parameters(), lr=1e-3)

In Lightning, the same code is re-organized within the :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.configure_optimizers` method.

.. testcode::

    class LitMNIST(LightningModule):
        def configure_optimizers(self):
            return Adam(self.parameters(), lr=1e-3)

.. note:: The ``LightningModule`` is subclassing :class:`~torch.nn.Module` and therefore, you can access its children parameters directly with ``self.parameters()``.

If you have multiple optimizers, you can configure them as follows:

.. testcode::

    class LitMNIST(LightningModule):
        def configure_optimizers(self):
            return Adam(self.generator.parameters(), lr=1e-3), Adam(self.discriminator.parameters(), lr=1e-3)

If you have LR Schedulers you can return them too:

.. testcode::

>     from torch.optim.lr_scheduler import CosineAnnealing
> 
> 
>     class LitMNIST(LightningModule):
>         def configure_optimizers(self):
>             opt = Adam(self.parameters(), lr=1e-3)
>             scheduler = CosineAnnealing(opt, T_max=10)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    from torch.optim.lr_scheduler import CosineAnnealingLR

    class LitMNIST(LightningModule):
        def configure_optimizers(self):
            opt = Adam(self.parameters(), lr=1e-3)
            scheduler = CosineAnnealingLR(opt, T_max=10)
```
